Previously on
Buffy the Vampire Slayer...
Get dressed.
Finn stays in the brig.
Helping an H.S.T. escape
is a court-martial offense.
You're only gonna
make matters worse.
Talk later. Stealthy escape now.
Buffy. If I leave now,
I can't ever come back.
Spike, I want you
to come with me.
You're going to help me
with my problem.
I am going
to help you with yours.
You have to be
with the person you lo-love.
I am.
It's complicated
because of Tara.
Oh.
Are you freaked?
I have to tell you some
stuff... about my past.
And it's not all stuff
that you're gonna like.
And on Angel...
You didn't think
I was gonna find you, did you?
This is not gonna happen.
You're gonna stop me?
Don't do this.
Faith, go.
Don't you move.
Oh. Oh.
I have someone
in my life now that I love.
You don't know me anymore,
so don't come down here
with your great new life and
expect me to do things your way.
Go home.
And the men?
These are exceptional boys.
Their capture ratio
just keeps increasing.
They're keeping it together.
Morale is a problem.
The death of Professor Walsh,
the escape of the prototype--
controlling the H.S.T.s
is getting harder.
We have serious overcrowding
in the containment areas.
Quite a mess.
It's not my mess, sir.
I'm just holding the fort
while you figure out
what you want
to do with the place.
This incident with Finn
was unfortunate.
Fell in with a bad crowd.
Quite frankly, I don't think
he was ever the soldier
that you all hoped he was.
Boy thinks too much.
Nevertheless, we want him back.
The government's
invested a substantial...
We'll catch up to him.
My feeling is he won't stray
too far from the girl.
Yes, uh...
Buffy Summers.
Our data banks don't have much
on her.
She's just a girl.
(sighs)
She's a lot more than that.
Slayer's dangerous,
is all I'm saying.
Yes, she makes things
interesting.
No. See,
you're not getting
it, Mr. Bits.
You're gonna be
interestingly dead.
Little Miss Tiny's got the habit
of bollixing up the plans
of every would-be
unstoppable bad-ass
who sets foot in this town.
Just want you to know,
when the big ugly goes down,
Slayer's gonna be
right in the thick of it.
You ready for that?
I'm counting on it.
(wolf howling)
*
ADAM:
Two slayers.
That's right.
And you killed them both?
Yeah.
I killed the hell out of them.
Yet you fear this one.
Hey, watch it, mate.
I don't fear anything.
Just know my enemies.
Do you? Then why haven't you
killed this slayer yet?
Because...
stinking rotten luck is why.
On top of that, now I've got
this buggering chip up my head.
Yes, your behavior
modification circuitry.
I know what you feel.
(scoffs)
Not likely.
You feel smothered.
Trapped like an animal.
Pure in its ferocity.
Unable to actualize
the urges within.
Clinging to one truth,
like a flame, struggling to burn
within an enclosed glass.
That a beast this powerful
cannot be contained.
Inevitably, it will break free
and savage the land again.
I will make you whole again,
make you savage.
(sighs)
Wow.
I mean, yeah.
I get why the demons
all fall in line with you.
You're like Tony Robbins,
if he was a big, scary,
Frankenstein-looking...
You're exactly
like Tony Robbins.
I will restore you
to what you once were...
when I have the slayer
how and where I want her.
(sighs)
Easier said. She's crafty.
Her and her little friends.
Friends?
There's your-- what
you call it-- variable.
The slayer's got pals.
You want her evening
the odds in a fight,
you don't want her slayerettes
mucking about.
Take them away from her.
Well, there's a plan.
She's working solo,
she won't have a chance
to come after us
when the wild rumpus begins.
(chuckles)
Plus,
it'll make her miserable,
and I never get tired of that.
Yeah.
Leave 'em to me.
You can't hurt them.
What can you do to make sure
they're out of the picture?
Not a blessed thing.
They're gonna do it for me.
(sniffs)
(dog barking)
RILEY:
You know if she's back yet?
L.A. Woman? Haven't
heard from her.
She'll probably come here
first thing, though. Hey,
who's your buddy? So you
don't have to be G.I. Joe
while your civvies
are getting washed.
Try those on.
You'll feel like a new man.
Would this man have a bright
red nose and big, floppy feet?
Hey, sorry.
That's the cabin fever talking.
But as post-apocalypse
splendor goes...
I've done wonders
with the place.
Yeah.
Still, the sooner Buffy
gets back, the better I'll feel.
You and me
both, big guy.
I take it you're not
an Angel fan, either.
Well, it's not like
I hate the guy.
Just, you know,
the guts part of him.
Can't blame you.
But to be fair, it's not him
you hate. It's the curse.
Right?
Yeah.
What did Buffy tell you?
About Angel?
Everything. More than
I wanted to know sometimes.
She loved him.
He turned evil.
He, uh, killed people.
She cured him. He left.
Interesting little curse.
One moment's happiness.
What do you mean?
You know, it's his trigger.
Angel's an okay guy if
he's mopey and sad and brooding,
but you give him even one second
of pure, real pleasure...
And that sets him off.
Only in the big old
"kill your friends" kind of way.
And you know what
makes Angel happiest?
I'll give you a hint.
It's not crème brûlée.
Buffy.
Sex with Buffy.
She kind of left
that part out, huh?
Yeah, she did.
That explains a lot of things
that I wish weren't explained.
Hey, man, that's all
ancient history.
She went running to L.A.
to bone up on her history.
No!
I'm sure it's boneless.
She just needs to make
sure everything's okay.
She's probably
back already.
Maybe.
You'll feel a lot
better when you see her.
I guess we'll see.
* If I leave here tomorrow
* Would you still remember me?
* Well, I must be
traveling on now *
* There's too many places
I've got to see *
* And if I stay here
with you, girl *
* Things just
couldn't be the same *
* Cause I'm as free as
* A bird now...
(gasps)
You know, for someone
who's got "watcher"
on his resume, you might
want to cast an eye to the
front door every now and again.
What do you want?
Ah! Knew I left one.
Buffy around?
Why?
(beeping)
I need to speak
to the lady of the house.
Hey, be a pet and give her
a message for me, would you?
Tell here I just might have
something she just might want.
And what might
that something be?
Information.
Highly classified.
Not cheap, word-on-the-street
prattle, either.
I'm talking about
the good stuff now.
Thrill me.
(scoffs)
It's nothing I know.
What, you think
I'd come running over saying,
"I've got a secret.
Beat me till I talk"?
There's files in the Initiative.
(beeping)
I'm pretty sure I know where.
(microwave door opens)
Files?
Yeah, secrets.
Mission statements,
design schematics.
All of Maggie Walsh's
dirty laundry,
which I guess would include
lots of tidbits about...
Adam.
Well, yeah.
Say someone was
to risk his life and limb--
well, limb, anyway-- to obtain
said files, might be worth
a little something.
Now,
at this point,
a cynical person might think
that you are offering just what
we need when we need it most.
That person'd be right, Rupert.
Supply and demand.
And it won't be
cheap this time.
What do you want?
Hmm, year's supply of blood,
guaranteed protection,
merry bushels of cash,
and most important,
a guarantee that I'm not
to be in any way slain.
Done.
With a smile
and a nod from you?
Sorry. Not close
to good enough.
This deal's with the slayer.
I'll tell her.
Oh, you'll tell her?
Great comfort that!
What makes you think
she'll listen to you?
Because.
Very convincing.
I'm her watcher.
I think you're neglecting
the past tense there, Rupert.
Besides, she barely listened
to you when you were in charge.
I've seen the way
she treats you.
Ah, yes. And how's that?
Very much like
a retired librarian.
Look, I've got what she wants
as long as she has what I want.
Spread the word.
She knows where to find me.
I'll think about it.
(door opens, door closes)
Ugh. I keep thinking, "Okay,
that's the cutest thing ever."
(cat mews)
And then she does
something cuter
and completely resets
the whole scale.
Did you see
her yawn earlier?
Yes.
I thought I
was gonna die!
(laughs)
Oh, I love you,
Miss Kitty Fantastico!
We've got to get her
a real name.
(mews)
It's so cool
that she's ours.
(mewing)
Uh, yours.
That she's yours is-is cool.
She can be ours if you want.
You still need an elective.
How about...
sophomore-level
psychology?
Oh.
Kind of psyched out
since Professor Walsh.
Maybe something
fun, like drama.
I could be dramatic.
(mews)
"You cannot have more catnip!
You have a catnip problem."
Definitely drama.
(meowing)
Ah.
I haven't even dealt
with the housing situation yet.
Have you done anything?
I hear there's some off-campus
places that are way cool
for groups to, you know, go in
on.
Oh, I just figured you'd be
dorming it up with Buffy again.
We haven't really
talked about it.
I used to assume we'd be
roomies through grad school,
well into little old
ladyhood, you know,
cheating at bingo
together and...
forgetting to
take our pills.
But?
But...I don't know.
It hardly feels like
we're roomies now.
I mean, she's busy with Riley,
and I'm gone a lot, too.
Guess I should ask her.
(cat meows)
(indistinct crowd chatter
and shouting)
(knocking)
Riley.
I, uh, got a little tired
of sitting around waiting, so...
You joined the circus?
Xander took my clothes to
clean them, left me these.
Does he, uh, hate me in some
way I don't know about yet?
I think I would've attracted
less attention in my uniform.
Is it okay for you to be here?
You tell me.
I just meant
with that government branch
hunting you down and all.
I'm good.
It, uh, took me a while, but
I patched into their frequency.
MAN (on radio):
Man, this is alpha one...
Can't sneak up on a guy
if he's listening in.
You're the sneakiest.
Why they hired me.
You okay?
Yeah. I just...
Angel kind of upset me.
How?
It...
It's not that interesting.
Got my attention.
He just spun my head a little.
You don't want to talk about it.
It's just
deconstructing Angel can wait.
Right now, I just want
to get out there and patrol
and-and find Adam.
We can talk about it later.
It's the pants, isn't it?
(chuckles)
It's okay.
I couldn't take me seriously
in these things, either.
Riley,
it's not that big a deal.
I'll tell you what.
Why don't I get out
of your face?
You had a long trip.
Look, you don't have to go.
It's okay.
Besides... I have to
recharge them every two hours,
or they go dead on me.
Okay.
(door opens)
(door closes)
Here. You should've just saved
the ensemble from the last time
we snuck into the Initiative.
I'm not a clothing delivery
service.
Well, he is, kind of.
He did Riley yesterday.
Hello.
This is just... swell.
(sighs)
Got to say,
liking this quite a lot.
Kind of changes the
balance of pow...
Ow!
Aah! Oh!
Come on! You got
to be kidding!
Wow. That chip
in your head means
you can't even point a gun?
How humiliating.
Doesn't work, anyway.
It's a fake.
ANYA:
Can't even point
a decorative gun? Hmm.
Give it up
for American chipmanship.
It doesn't work?
What about self-defense?
I'm taking a risk here,
you know.
Can I tell you how much
I really... don't care?
Attitude. See how far
that'll take you in boot camp.
Say, I hope you get one of those
tough-as-nails drill sergeants
who's only hard on the men
'cause he's trying
to keep 'em alive
when the bullets start flying.
I love that stuff.
Boot camp?
Yeah, like I'd go there.
What, you change your mind?
Not gonna join?
You're joining
the army?!
Okay. One-- ow.
Two-- where'd you
get that idea?
Three-- ow!
I'm not
joining the army!
Well, good.
Stopped that nonsense
just in time.
I was never...
(sucking on straw)
Who'd you hear this from?
Oh, your girlie-mates
were talking.
Something about, uh...
being all you can be
or all you can be.
Uh... having a laugh.
Figured you were signing up.
Say, have you got anything
larger in the... toy gun line?
All I can...
Can you believe this?
Like I'm some sort
of useless lunk.
It happens that I'm good
at a lot of things.
I help out with all kinds of...
stuff.
I have skills and... stratagems.
I'm very...
Help me out.
He's a Viking in the sack.
Terrific. You didn't
have these cleaned
after the last time, did you?
This is so like them lately.
It's all about them
and the college life.
Well, you know
what college is?
It's high school, only without
the actual going to class.
Well... high school was
kind of like that, too,
but the point is, is
is I'm out there working hard
to make a living.
It's nothing
but a huge joke to them.
Xander got fired from Starbucks.
Xander got fired
from that phone sex line.
They look down on you.
And they hate you.
But they don't look down on me.
Hey, it was just a laugh.
There's no need to
go insane over it.
Is anybody talking to you?
Sir, no, sir!
(birds chirping)
Don't shoot.
Give me a reason not to.
You're killing humans now?
Not yet. Beating you senseless
should do just fine.
I could have a patrol here
in under a minute.
So here's a plan:
you go your way, I'll go mine.
I'm checking out that cave.
My orders exactly.
Alone?
We're spread a little thin,
so yeah.
Family's tearing apart.
Family.
What kind of family are you,
the Corleones?
Weren't until
you showed up.
(sighs)
What, no girls
in the club?
You think you're the first
girlfriend Riley's ever had?
Such a big head on that
skinny little body.
No, you're just the first one
to get him to commit treason.
Riley had a career.
He had a future
till he met you, and, yeah,
I got a problem with that.
A future?
A future doing what,
illegal experiments?
Torture? Murder?
I guess killing someone isn't
really a problem for you.
Less and less.
Now why don't you
get the hell out of here
before I...?
Touch me,
and you'll find out
what slayer strength is like.
I think it's about time
you showed me, then.
ADAM:
Yes.
I think that would be
interesting.
(grunting)
Get out of here!
(groans)
(grunting)
Not moving.
(whooshing)
(groaning, whooshing)
Thank you.
Go! Get out!
(grunting)
(groaning)
BUFFY:
No!
(groans)
(Buffy groans)
(weapon whirring)
Oh, God.
(whirring)
(grunts)
(whirring, explosion)
(grunting)
(insects trilling)
(sighs)
(exhales deeply)
(quick breaths)
I think I lost
the buggers.
Any luck with the disk?
Well...
Took what they had.
Should be something useful
on one of them.
Hope so.
What are we looking for?
Anything about Adam.
Any problems
getting in and out?
No. I mean, a couple of 'em made
me on the way out,
but I took care of them.
Gave them a good
running-away-from, did you?
Well, yeah.
When do I get paid?
When Willow tells me
you've brought us
something useful.
(typing, beeping)
I could've
gone straight
to the slayer,
you know.
I cut you in,
let you pretend
you're actually
in charge.
Now you've
got to wait for
Red's permission
to finish the deal?
As soon as we see
what's on the disks.
It looks like gibberish.
Gibberish?
They're encrypted.
Oh, wonderful.
SPIKE:
Can you fix 'em?
Crack a government
encryption code on my laptop?
Easy as really
difficult pie.
You're not exactly the whiz
these days, either.
God, I'm never
gonna get paid.
I am a whiz.
She is a whiz.
If ever a whiz there was.
I-I just need some time.
No, I just heard you weren't...
Your mates said
you weren't playing
with computers so much.
Into the new thing.
What new thing?
You know, you two.
The whole Wicca thing.
They-they were
talking about that?
Could we get back
to business here?
I've got a deal at stake.
What did they say?
Talking about,
you know, it's a phase.
You'll get over it.
What?
Who said that?
Was it Buffy?
'Cause you know
what she means by that.
No, she was
defending you.
'Cause Xander said you were
just being trendy.
Trendy?
I don't know
what they were going on about.
Person wants to be a witch,
that's their business.
I knew Buffy was freaked.
You should talk to her,
'cause I'm sure...
Pressing business,
ladies.
Don't want to get
sidetracked.
Still got your
monsters to fight.
Cell capacity's maxed out
three days ago, sir.
We keep up this pace,
there'll be nowhere left
to contain the hostiles.
They're animals,
Lieutenant.
We pack 'em in
till we're out of room,
then we pack 'em
in some more.
They're going to
start tearing each
other apart, sir.
I have no problem
with that scenario.
(indistinct chatter)
SOLDIER (on radio):
...backup. Request
immediate backup, over.
They're tearing us apart
over here. Two men down...
...from out of nowhere...
Mayday, repeat...
Mayday!
SOLDIER:
...requesting
immediate backup.
We're in the alley
near the school building!
Where the hell is...
...back! Fall back!
It's coming this...
(static)
(groans)
Riley Finn.
I know you?
We have a friend in common.
Angel.
Welcoming committee
your idea?
Way I heard it,
you were all
peaceable now.
You didn't by any chance
go and lose that pesky soul
again, did you?
Don't push me, boy.
Now, what possibly
could've happened with Buffy
that would make you
lose your soul?
That'd be between me and her.
Where do you think
you're going?
Going to see
an old girlfriend.
Oh, you really think
I'm gonna let that happen?
Think you're gonna stop me?
I surely do.
(grunting)
(crashes)
(electric crackling)
(vehicles approaching)
*
Angel.
Hi. Can I come in?
I guess.
Um, I need a little more
than that.
Oh. Um...
come in.
You're hurt.
You, too.
I'll live.
You want to tell me who ran
your face into that doorknob?
Not really. It's not
world-in-peril stuff.
Let me guess.
You thought of something else
really hurtful to say,
and, well, you couldn't
tell me on the phone
because the funniest part
is that look on my face...
Buffy, please.
I really don't have
a lot of time.
What's going on?
I told you you weren't
coming near her.
You've got to be kidding me.
This is why you came?
No.
This was an accident.
Running your car into a tree
is an accident!
Running your fist
into somebody's face is a plan.
Please explain
this to me.
Put that gun down.
It's pretty much all I got left,
so I'm thinking not.
He attacked
four of my men, Buffy.
I think he's up to
his old tricks.
He won't hurt anybody.
Tell him.
Might hurt you.
Oh, please try.
Huh. Some threat.
You can barely stand.
My trigger finger feels okay.
You actually sleep
with this guy?
Okay, stop it!
Okay, that is enough.
I see one more display
of testosterone poisoning,
and I will personally put
you both in the hospital.
Anybody think I'm exaggerating?
He start...
Riley...
I'm sorry.
Just wanted to know
that you were safe.
I need to talk to Angel
for a minute.
What?
Riley, please.
I'm not leaving this room.
I mean it.
(door opens)
Not moving a muscle.
Okay, I come to see you,
to help you,
and you treat me like
I'm just... your ex.
Well, technically...
Shut up!
And then you order me
out of your city,
and then you come here
and start pounding
on my boyfriend?
I would really like to know,
what the hell are you
trying to do?
I was trying
to make things better.
(laughs)
(chuckles)
Well...
(laughs)
Aw, well...
Huh. It's, uh...
going pretty good,
don't you think?
Swell.
You know... (chuckles)
I couldn't leave it like that.
The way I spoke to you...
I came to apologize.
I... I had no right.
And Riley?
I got jumped by some soldiers.
He came in in the middle.
And he wasn't real forthcoming
with the benefit of the doubt.
Put yourself in his place.
I get it.
Look...
...you weren't entirely wrong,
what you said in L.A.
We don't live
in each other's
worlds anymore.
I had no right
to barge in on yours
and make judgments.
I'm still sorry.
Thank you.
And next time,
I'll apologize by phone.
(laughs)
Things are pretty tense
around here.
They really are.
Can I do anything?
Honestly...
I think the best thing
you can do right now is...
Okay.
It means a lot that you came.
Oh, and... Riley?
Yeah?
I don't like him.
Thank you.
*
(beeping)
(door closes)
Now, that... was fun.
You were successful?
Oh...
Easier than
I thought it'd be, too.
You're sure?
(scoffs)
Feel it in my bones.
It's, uh...
call it the Yoko factor.
(lighter clicks)
Don't tell me you've never
heard of The Beatles.
I have. I like "Helter Skelter."
What a surprise.
The point is, they were once
a real powerful group.
It's not a stretch to say
they ruled the world.
When they broke up,
everyone blamed Yoko,
but the fact is,
the group split itself apart.
She just happened to be there.
But you know
how it is with kids.
They go off to college,
they grow apart.
Way of the world.
So you separated the slayer
from her friends.
I'm pleased.
Well, since we've got
all our ducks in a row
and not talking to each other,
guess it's time for
the grand plan, huh?
You know, the one where
I get the chipectomy.
You got everything
you need, right?
No.
There's one more thing.
How bad are you hurt?
Dunno yet.
Night's still young.
Riley, I have
to tell you something.
Figured.
Maybe you
want to sit down.
I'm fine.
Riley, I...
Wait.
Me first.
Buffy...
I feel like
we've gotten really close.
At least, I thought we had.
I don't know much about Angel
or your relationship
with him, but...
all I ask is,
if you're gonna break my heart,
do it fast.
What?
You think that Angel and I...
Didn't you?
No.
Of course not.
How can you even ask me that?
(sighs) I don't know.
Xander said...
Xander? Oh, he's
the deadest man in Deadonia.
No, it's not his fault.
I prodded,
and he explained
how Angel went bad.
I mean, the trigger.
Oh.
And after that, I went
a little nuts, you know?
I mean, on the one hand,
I should believe in us,
but on the other,
sometimes things happen
between exes,
and when I saw
that he was bad...
He's... not bad.
Seriously?
That's a good day?
Well, there you go.
Even when he's good,
he's all Mr. Billowy Coat,
King of Pain,
and girls really...
Riley, stop.
See? Nuts.
Have I ever given you
any reason
to feel that
you can't trust me?
No.
Then why
with the crazy?
Because I'm so in love with you
I can't think straight.
Tell me about it.
Riley.
I still have
to tell you something,
and there's no easy way...
Just say it.
Forrest is dead.
I'm so sorry.
There was a fight.
Adam killed him.
I barely got away.
I know there's
nothing that I can say
that's gonna
make this better,
but we will find this thing
and destroy it.
I have to go.
Are you sure?
I have to go now.
(door closes)
WILLOW:
It's still encrypted.
Willow's working
really hard on it.
Okay. Well, how long
before you un-crypt it?
Hours? Days, maybe?
Anyone suggesting months
would not be accused
of crazy talk.
GILES:
Whatever happened to Latin?
At least when that made
no sense, the church approved.
I can't just
wait around, Will.
That disk is no good to me
unless you crack it soon.
ANYA:
Hey!
We worked really hard
getting that.
Xander delivered clothing.
"Church approved."
Sorry, you guys.
We're on a clock here.
Okay, Adam was
at that cave,
so maybe he was there
for a reason.
I-I could,
I could go back,
scope it out,
track him if I have to.
Right, and then maybe
you'll get lucky
and he'll still be there,
and he can rip
your arms off for you.
Buffy, you can't go back alone.
You never train with me anymore.
He's going to kick your ass.
Giles.
Sorry. Was that a bit honest?
Terribly sorry.
So she doesn't go alone.
Giles, weapons all around.
You're not going, Xander.
You'd get hurt.
Oh...
Okay, you and Willow
go do the superpower thing.
I'll stay behind
and putt around the Batcave
with crusty old Alfred here.
Ah, no, I am no Alfred, sir.
No, you forget.
Alfred had a job.
Willow is not going, either.
I'm doing it alone.
Oh, great. And then when
you have your new no arms,
we can all say,
"Gee, it's a good thing
we weren't there
getting in the way of that."
Right. Maybe we can
help in other ways.
Want some fightin' pants, Buff?
I can get you
some new fightin' pants.
You guys, this isn't helping.
Oh, wow, we're already getting
in the way. We're pretty good
at this, Xander, huh?
Right, I'm so good at it,
you might have to ship me off
to the army
to get me out of the way.
The army?
You didn't know I knew
about that, did you?
You two, talking about me
behind my back.
Us talking about you?
How about you
telling Riley
every last detail
of my life with Angel?
Besides, when is there
any "us two"?
You two are the two
who are the two.
I'm the other one.
Uh-huh, but maybe
that all changes
when I'm doing sit-ups
over at Fort Dix.
Fort Dix? (laughing)
Are you drunk?
Yes. Quite a bit, actually.
Well, stop it.
This is stupid.
Stupid.
So you finally had the guts
to say it to my face.
I didn't say you were stupid.
So stop being an idiot
and let me fix this.
Okay, I need you.
I need both of you,
all the time,
just... not now.
Adam is very
dangerous.
Wait.
How do you need me, really?
You're good with
the computer stuff.
Usually.
And-and there's the witch stuff.
"Witch stuff"?
What exactly do you mean
by "witch stuff"?
You guys, what is happening?
This is crazy.
Oh, no, it's not. It's all
finally making perfect sense,
and I'm not gonna miss
a moment of it.
(arguing voices)
You think this'll
go on for a while?
Hard to say.
(indistinct arguing continues)
Nice bathroom.
Like the tile.
And if I did join the army,
I'd be great. You know why?
Because they might give me a job
that couldn't be done
by any well-trained
Border Collie.
That's it.
I'm going to bed.
No, you'd do wonderful
in the army.
Hey, do you think
the umbilical cord
between you and Anya
could stretch that far?
I knew it. I knew you hated her!
Look, I'm not the one
being judgmental here.
I'll leave that territory
to you and Buffy.
Judgmental?
If I was any
more open-minded
about the choices you two make,
my whole brain would fall out.
Oh, and superior.
Don't forget that.
Just because you're
better than us
doesn't mean you can
be all superior.
You guys, stop this.
What happened
to you today?
It's not today.
Buffy, things have
been wrong for a while.
Don't you see that?
Well, what do you mean, wrong?
Well, they certainly
haven't been right since Tara.
We have to face it...
you can't handle Tara
being my girlfriend.
No! It was bad before that!
Since you two went off to
college and forgot about me.
Just left me in the basement
to... Tara's your girlfriend?
GILES:
Bloody hell.
Enough!
All I know is you want
to help, right?
Be part of the team?
I don't know anymore.
Clearly not wanted.
No! No, you said
you wanted to go.
So let's go,
all of us.
We'll walk into that cave
with you two attacking me
and the funny drunk
drooling on my shoe.
Hey!
Hey, maybe that's the secret way
to killing Adam!
Buffy...
Is that it?
Is that how you can help?
You're not answering me!
How can you possibly help?
So...
I guess
I'm starting to understand
why there's no ancient prophecy
about a chosen one
and her friends.
If I need help,
I'll go to someone
I can count on.
(door opens)
I've been waiting for you.
And now I'm here.
Grr. Argh.